README.md, before:

# textual-mandelbrot

![mandelexp in action](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/davep/textual-mandelbrot/main/img/mandelexp01.png)
![mandelexp in action](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/davep/textual-mandelbrot/main/img/mandelexp02.png)

## Introduction

This package provides a simple Mandelbrot set widget that can be used in
[Textual](https://textual.textualize.io/) applications, and also provides an
application that can be used to explore the classic Mandelbrot set in the
terminal.

## Installing

The package can be installed using [`pipx`](https://pypa.github.io/pipx/):

```sh
$ pipx install textual-mandelbrot
```

Once installed you should be able to run the command `mandelexp` and the
application will run.

![mandelexp in action](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/davep/textual-mandelbrot/main/img/mandelexp03.png)
![mandelexp in action](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/davep/textual-mandelbrot/main/img/mandelexp04.png)

## Exploring

If you use `mandelexp` to run up the display, the following keys are
available:

| Keys              | Action                                |
|-------------------|---------------------------------------|
| Up, w, k          | Move up                               |
| Shift+Up, W, K    | Move up slowly                        |
| Down, s, j        | Move down                             |
| Shift+Down, S, J  | Move down slowly                      |
| Left, a, h        | Move left                             |
| Shift+Left, A, H  | Move left slowly                      |
| Right, d, l       | Move right                            |
| Shift+Right, D, L | Move right slowly                     |
| PageUp, ]         | Zoom in                               |
| PageDown, [       | Zoom out                              |
| Ctrl+PageUp, }    | Zoon in deeper                        |
| Ctrl+PageDown, {  | Zoom out wider                        |
| *, Ctrl+Up        | Increase "multobrot"                  |
| /, Ctrl+Down      | Decrease "multibrot"                  |
| Ctrl+Shift+Up     | Increase "multibrot" in smaller steps |
| Ctrl+Shift+Down   | Decrease "multibrot" in smaller steps |
| Home              | Center 0,0 in the display             |
| ,                 | Decrease iterations by 10             |
| <                 | Decrease iterations by 100            |
| .                 | Increase iterations by 10             |
| >                 | Increase iterations by 100            |
| Ctrl+r            | Reset to initial state                |
| Escape            | Quit the application                  |
| 1                 | Colour set 1                          |
| 2                 | Colour set 2                          |
| 3                 | Colour set 3                          |

[//]: # (README.md ends here)

Commit message:

:books: Mention homebrew as an installation option

README.md, after:

# textual-mandelbrot

![mandelexp in action](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/davep/textual-mandelbrot/main/img/mandelexp01.png)
![mandelexp in action](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/davep/textual-mandelbrot/main/img/mandelexp02.png)

## Introduction

This package provides a simple Mandelbrot set widget that can be used in
[Textual](https://textual.textualize.io/) applications, and also provides an
application that can be used to explore the classic Mandelbrot set in the
terminal.

## Installing

### pipx

The package can be installed using [`pipx`](https://pypa.github.io/pipx/):

```sh
$ pipx install textual-mandelbrot
```

### Homebrew

The package is available via Homebrew. Use the following commands to install:

```sh
$ brew tap davep/homebrew
$ brew install textual-mandelbrot
```

## Running

Once installed you should be able to run the command `mandelexp` and the
application will run.

![mandelexp in action](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/davep/textual-mandelbrot/main/img/mandelexp03.png)
![mandelexp in action](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/davep/textual-mandelbrot/main/img/mandelexp04.png)

## Exploring

If you use `mandelexp` to run up the display, the following keys are
available:

| Keys              | Action                                |
|-------------------|---------------------------------------|
| Up, w, k          | Move up                               |
| Shift+Up, W, K    | Move up slowly                        |
| Down, s, j        | Move down                             |
| Shift+Down, S, J  | Move down slowly                      |
| Left, a, h        | Move left                             |
| Shift+Left, A, H  | Move left slowly                      |
| Right, d, l       | Move right                            |
| Shift+Right, D, L | Move right slowly                     |
| PageUp, ]         | Zoom in                               |
| PageDown, [       | Zoom out                              |
| Ctrl+PageUp, }    | Zoon in deeper                        |
| Ctrl+PageDown, {  | Zoom out wider                        |
| *, Ctrl+Up        | Increase "multobrot"                  |
| /, Ctrl+Down      | Decrease "multibrot"                  |
| Ctrl+Shift+Up     | Increase "multibrot" in smaller steps |
| Ctrl+Shift+Down   | Decrease "multibrot" in smaller steps |
| Home              | Center 0,0 in the display             |
| ,                 | Decrease iterations by 10             |
| <                 | Decrease iterations by 100            |
| .                 | Increase iterations by 10             |
| >                 | Increase iterations by 100            |
| Ctrl+r            | Reset to initial state                |
| Escape            | Quit the application                  |
| 1                 | Colour set 1                          |
| 2                 | Colour set 2                          |
| 3                 | Colour set 3                          |

[//]: # (README.md ends here)
